ETL (Extract, Transform, Load)
Inforamatic:
		1. Informatic Design.
		2. Infornatic Repo.
		3. Informatic Power Center.
		4. Informatic Workflow Manager.

	Informatic Repo: You can develop two repos to share metashare.
			 Create a folder in the Repository Manager to store the metadata you create in the lessons.
		1. Global Repository.
		2. Local Repository.
	Domain configuration: 
		1. Domain configuration.
		2. Ussage.
		3. Users and groups.
		4. Privilege and roles.
	Before Begin: 
		1. Create user and group
		2. add source definitatin to the repo
		3. Create targets and add their definitions to the repo
		4. map data between source and target
		5. Instruct the integration service to write data to target 
		6. Monitor the integration service as it writes data to targets
	
	Informatic Design: 
	        Create the source and the target definitions. Create mappings that contain transformation 
	        instructions for the PowerCenter Integration Service.

    		Source Analyzer. Import or create source definitions.
		    Target Designer. Import or create target definitions. You also create tables in the target database based on the target definitions.
	        Mapping Designer. Create mappings that the PowerCenter Integration Service uses to extract, transform, and load data. 
	
		Workflow Manager. Create and run the workflows and the tasks in the Workflow Manager. 
			  A workflow is a set of instructions that describes how and when to run tasks to extract, transform, and load data.

        Workflow Monitor. Monitor scheduled and running workflows for each Integration Service. 
	
		
	The workflow:
	
				Designer  : Load and join source data
				Workflow Manager : Create a work flow
				Workflow Monitor : Monitor the execution of the workflow
				Data Visulation : Load the Outputdata from the data warehouse
	** Donot use white spaces.	
	
	Powercenter Repos : 
	
				
	PowerCenter Designer : 

	to load any data you have to at the source analasis click <source> <import database>
	at the source you have to select the source of the database.
	after that select the table which ever you want.
By default the look point of file is <informattic><version><server><inf0_shares><src> 

	Mapping: Create
	 Naming convention: m_<our wish>
	  basically 2 table willb created the second one is <source tansformation table>
	  create a transformation table. <expolore the options>
	 
	 connect the source transformation with new transformation created.
	expression editor:  port number, properties, 
	1.Filter transformation 
	2.Join transformation  (at least one column should match)
	3.Target definition: 